haye it was clear that we have been for two
weeks have not uploaded a video
yes but I have to do this thing now
get up and running again before we
I'm not sure
if you are just the right person for that
leaves
why so far everything is okay then should
that would be so because only what probably
his
the smoke oh shit and you are you
sure that's how it should be
I eat everything under control
and you really mean that you are the one
right for the job, he doubts
because I can remember the ipad
why this does not shit
you can not compare that at all
I would advise you anyway
I'm buying a new computer
but not stupid
i am going to buy my new pc a lot
fun
I saw that very well
I say he is not the right one
but I still have new pc bought
goes but what of here you will have
you now plugged in the socket